Al jazer has obtained video showing
Israeli forces in Gaza shooting and
killing two unarmed Palestinians one of
the men repeatedly waves what appears to
be a piece of white fabric to show that
they're not a threat their bodies are
then buried by a bulldozer the Israeli
Army hasn't commented on the video and
we warn you that you may find some of
the images in Barbara Ang goa's report
distressing these unarmed men are trying
to return to their homes in Northern
Gaza the only way to get there is
through Al rashed Street West of Gaza
City and near the nabulsi roundabout
Southwest of Gaza City Israeli forces
are
deployed a Palestinian man approaches
the Israeli
soldiers he raises a white flag an
international sign of surrender and
Israeli troops allow him to approach
safely meanwhile the other young man
turns back to where he came from he too
raises a white
flag here the first man disappears from
view in the
footage then Israeli soldiers use a
neyar armored vehicle to chase down the
young man walking away from them he
waves a small white flag at them but the
White Flag doesn't prevent soldiers from
opening fire on
him an Israeli bulldozer arrives on the
scene and here we see the body of the
first man on the ground in a final
indignity the giant bulldozzer shovels
the two bodies and buries them in sand
and
litter the Israeli soldiers attempt to
conceal the
executions the weab buts of a group of
Palestinian Witnesses is
unknown Hammer says in any ceasefire
agreement the right of Palestinians to
return to their homes safely without
being shot at by Israeli troops must be
included Barbara Ang goopa Al
jazer well we have two correspondents
standing by for us on this story Imran
Khan is in the occupied East Jerusalem
but first let's talk to hany Mahmud
who's in Rafa in the Gaza Strip and hany
good morning disturbing images there of
these executions uh is there any
reaction to those pictures uh where you
are
good morning yes it's been very very
difficult to see the the footage of the
two young unarmed osing no threat to the
Israeli military forces deployed at the
nabul traffic circle that's the southern
western part of Gaza City very
horrifying scenes of the two men
approaching uh the soldiers waving
Whitey flags and trying to uh pass by
the checkpoint set up by the Israeli
military when all the sudden they were
shot and what looks like a samary
execution and then a bulldozer just
buried them after it ran them over
buried them just you know an attempt to
conceal the crime and just it's not a
coincidence that this happened uh to
coincide with the findings of the United
Nations the rapor uh for human rights in
Palestine who talked about the
conclusion that they came to of many of
the acts on the ground since the
beginning of the war constitute in fact
a genocidal intense and war crimes a
violation of international human rights
where civilians and children and people
who pose no uh uh harm or no violence
whatsoever are being killed and either
in their residential homes or or when
they were rounded up from evacuation uh
centers just uh very difficult scene and
it just put a lot of causing a lot of
panic and concern for people who are
already exhausted and and tired of the
situations the living conditions are
made very difficult in overcrowded part
of the city and and and can't wait to
get back uh to uh to their homes in the
northern part in Gaza City it's just by
this moment right now we can safely say
that any hopes Palestinians had after
the UN Security Council resolution was
passed uh are are being drowned by these
horrifying scenes and by the bombs uh
that have been caused by the
intense Relentless bombing campaign
across the Gaza Strip indeed hany let's
just um focus on what's been going on
certainly over the night and as the sun
rises across the Gaza Strip on Thursday
where should we be focusing our
attention
today know H it just it's getting very
difficult these days to to to keep up
with the ongoing atrocities and
destruction caused by the war machine
across the Gaza Strip in the the past 24
hours were very difficult here in Rafa
City characterized by more mass killing
and more destruction of residential
homes and livestock farms and
agricultural lands and overnight we're
look at more concentration on the
Central Area an area that's supposed to
be safe for the thousand of people who
fled the uh the horror of the wars in
northern part in Gaza City and also at
early hours of this morning an extension
of what's going on within the past 10
days around the vicinity of shifa
hospital where not only we're seeing the
Israeli military causing a great deal of
damage to the Health Complex a shifa
complex destroying its property and
medical equipments and buildings but the
fact now it's running are conducting a
systematic destruction of all the
residential homes we're looking at the
entire res itial neighborhood around the
shifa hospital that has been destroyed
and severely damaged beyond recognition
systematic control demolition of homes
as well as the uh the
ongoing burning of residential homes in
the area and what seems to be an a
systematic clearance of the area from
any signs of life including the health
facility complex itself m in Rafa thanks
very much Let's cross over to Imran Khan
who's an occupied East Jerusalem uh
Imran in the past few months while the
war on Gaza as far as Israel is
concerned has been continuing we've seen
some disturbing images none more
disturbing than what we're showing today
any reaction from the Israeli
authorities well just as I was waiting
to speak to you we did get a response
from the Israeli Army what we did uh was
just a few hours ago was send them the
video and ask them for their response
they've said it very clearly they've
said that the video in question is
edited and doesn't show the context of
the incident a thorough and professional
examination is required in order to
assess the details of the incident upon
receiving the report on the incident it
was transferred to the relevant
professional bodies for review that's a
pretty standard answer for the Israeli
Army when we show them anything when any
uh journalist ask any questions about
what's going on whether it's in the
ocupar Westbank or even in Gaza they say
we're going to investigate and then they
leave it be hoping that something else
will happen and the world's media will
be ATT uh will be put elsewhere that
attention will go elsewhere we've seen
this time and time again it's also worth
remembering that Israel doesn't
prosecute soldiers for any crimes that
are committed uh potential war crimes
let's use that word uh that term
potential war crimes that have been
committed whether it's the occupied West
Bank or whether it's Gaza Israel
protects its soldiers we're not
expecting a much more detailed response
from that certainly it won't come uh
today probably won't come within the
next couple of weeks or so probably have
to keep on the Israeli Army to try and
tell us exactly what they're
investigating and how they're
investigating but even then all of that
is met with an Israeli Army response
that simply says and they keep doing
this we are investigating Imran thanks
very much for the update of course we'll
continue to monitor that with you from
occupied East Jerusalem thank you